[18.0][ADD] maintenance_helpdesk_mgmt: New module (#547)
OCA/maintenance: maintenance_helpdesk_mgmt/readme/DESCRIPTION.md

> This module allows to relate a Maintenance Request with Helpdesk Tickets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to link maintenance requests with help desk tickets.
```
